README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Add: Prototype Build of AI News Scan Fetching v.1

README.md, after:

# BalitAI - Philippine Corruption News Agent

BalitAI is an AI-powered news scanning application that monitors trusted Philippine news sources for corruption-related content. It uses Google's Gemini AI to analyze and summarize news articles about corruption, graft, and other irregularities in the Philippines.

## Features

- 🤖 **AI-Powered Analysis**: Uses Google Gemini AI to analyze and summarize news content
- 📰 **Multiple News Sources**: Scans trusted Philippine news outlets including Rappler, Inquirer, Philippine Star, and more
- 🎯 **Corruption Focus**: Specifically filters for corruption-related keywords and content
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on desktop and mobile devices
- ⚡ **Real-time Loading**: Shows progress with animated loading modal and video
- 🔍 **Smart Filtering**: AI determines relevance and confidence scores for articles

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- npm, yarn, pnpm, or bun
- Google Gemini API key

## How It Works

1. **Click "AI News Scan"**: Initiates the news scanning process
2. **RSS Feed Parsing**: Fetches latest articles from multiple trusted Philippine news sources
3. **AI Content Analysis**: Uses Gemini AI to filter corruption-related content
4. **Content Summarization**: Generates concise summaries for relevant articles
5. **Results Display**: Shows filtered articles with AI-generated summaries
